hello YouTube viewers this is Christina
mostly known as 86 butterfly girl
actually new to YouTube first time I
make a video I'm actually surprised i'm
making one pretty shy i decided to make
a video because i've seen people like
banded wendy and sky moon and a whole
bunch of other people that i have on my
youtube page right now that I've done
videos about their weight loss surgery I
decided three years ago to actually do
the lap band surgery the reason that
that was three years ago I mean I was in
school I'm really ready to undergo
surgery and everything now I'm out of
school it's been eight months ago went
to see my doctor I got approved for the
surgery I'm actually good good candidate
for the lap-band surgery I had the
choice of also doing the gastric bypass
but I mean I read up on it and doesn't
seem like the right surgery for me I
have Bo 80 pounds to lose so I figured
the lap-band surgery was good and I saw
the success that banner Wendy and
skyping that you guys have and I'm
actually inspired by you guys you guys
are great so I decided to do that my
surgery is on Tuesday April 22 2010 I
actually started my liquid diet last
Thursday couldn't do a video is pretty
busy with work and everything so I
started the liquid diet last Thursday it
was I was afraid at the beginning and
thought you know what if I cheat what if
i'm hungry and everything started the
liquid diet i was at one ninety nine
point six pounds which puts my BMI at
35.6 i'm five four three so according to
my hi I'm supposed to weigh about 100
pounds for me is too small 110 I would
probably be skin skins and bones so for
me my goal would be to weigh 125 to 130
and that puts me at the 70 4.6 pounds to
lose I would like to lose it within a
year if it takes a little bit longer I
don't care I mean I'm already taking
this one step you know for my future for
my health so if I lose whichever metal
way within a year and if I still have
more weight to lose to reach my goal
after the year it's okay i'm not going
to be disappointed i'm going to work
hard at it the liquid died they gave me
these little pouches called optifast 900
they gave me 50 x boxes yet of chocolate
flavor in vanilla it was supposed to
last me two weeks the reason why it's
only full davies my liquid diet is
because they actually sent in they sent
it little bit late so it's actually
going to be 12 days but they said it was
okay since I don't have that much weight
to lose so when I started this I have to
mix it with 300 ml of water the
chocolate one actually taste is pretty
good vanilla it's not that bad but
prefer chocolate you take three of these
a day and could take a fourth one in
between meals if you're hungry you're
also allowed to drink water I've been
mixing my water with Crystal Lake a
juice person I love juice so been
drinking one bottle of 600 ml of water
and three of other bottles with crystal
lake they said it was okay i'm drinking
a lot of water not really doing exercise
it's my walk I mean I'm walking a lot at
work and everything after work but I'm
not going to the gym yet or doing
anything
i'm going to start i bought myself a gym
outfit first time ever so I'm really
excited about that uh it's gonna be a
week two more than a month liquid diet
and weigh myself yes I'm probably gonna
weigh myself tomorrow morning and then
I'll probably weigh myself on Tuesday
morning before my operation and then
they'll let you guys know how much
weight I lost you know with the liquid
diet and everything it's going pretty
good and I'll feeling hungry I'm having
three backs so these day plus my water
tried using four packs a day I felt sick
and I felt like I was full so I stopped
doing that for clothes sighs my tanks
that I wear size 15 for reitman's the
shirts large extra large depending on
the model bra size 38 point 38dd
actually this is what it look like I
don't know if you guys could see me in
the kitchen right now this is me from
the front got the hips actually got that
going you know my arm slid the Tuuli on
the arms gotta work on it you know door
gym this is me from side you know I've
got a little bit of a stomach and
everything so yeah this is me for my
surgery can't wait for the surgery a
little bit nervous I mean I'm a nurse
but I don't like being a patient at the
hospital I get really afraid when they
put me in your sleep and everything so
but either way I mean I got the support
my mom's going to be there with me the
day of surgery my boyfriend can't make
it he's out he's going to be working you
can't take off but no we'll call each
other so yeah if you guys have any
questions regarding whatever and if you
don't it's ok it's my first video so i
probably suck at it I'm not used to
talking in front of
camera so please bear with me so I'm
actually going to do another video maybe
on tuesday or wednesday i'm not sure i
have to stay overnight at the hospital
they said so i'll probably be up by
wednesday the twenty first of april so
i'll try and make a video either the
night before or on wednesday i'll see
which I take as much better I take
pictures of me maybe you know in bed at
the hospital if I could tell my mom is
good pictures so yeah so I can't wait
lap-band surgery on shoes eggs so thank
you very much
you